Now, that we've had an overview of funds.
Let's discuss two general types of funds: mutual funds and hedge funds.
Mutual funds are available to
everyday investors and have restrictions on certain strategies,
such as shorting stocks or using derivatives.
So, they're usually long only,
which means fund managers buy and hold
stocks that they expect will perform well in the future.
Investors are allowed to put money into or pull
money out of most mutual funds on any business day.
In other words, there's no lock-up periods that prevent investors from withdrawing.
Some popular mutual funds include the Vanguard Equity Income Fund,
the T. Rowe Price Blue Chip Growth Fund,
and the BlackRock Technology Opportunities Fund.